=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Log::Dispatch::DesktopNotification - Send log messages to a desktop notification system

=head1 VERSION

version 0.02

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    my $notify = Log::Dispatch::DesktopNotification->new(
        name      => 'notify',
        min_level => 'debug',
        app_name  => 'MyApp',
    );

=head1 METHODS

=head2 new

Creates a new L<Log::Dispatch> output that can be used to graphically notify a
user on this system. Uses C<output_class> and calls C<new> on the returned
class, passing along all arguments.

=head2 output_class

Returns the name of a L<Log::Dispatch::Output> class that is suitable to
graphically notify a user on the current system.

On MacOS X, that will be L<Log::Dispatch::MacGrowl>. On other systems,
L<Log::Dispatch::Gtk2::Notify> will be returned if it is available and usable.
Otherwise, L<Log::Dispatch::Null> will be returned.

=head1 BUGS

Currently only supports Mac OS X and systems on which notification-daemon is
available (most *N*Xes).

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item *

L<Log::Dispatch>

=item *

L<Log::Dispatch::Gtk2::Notify>

=item *

L<Log::Dispatch::MacGrowl>

=item *

L<Log::Dispatch::Null>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Florian Ragwitz <rafl@debian.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2009 by Florian Ragwitz.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=head1 CONTRIBUTOR

=for stopwords Karen Etheridge

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=cut
